it's me you're a job of your
bra sorry I said no
nevertheless I read in a magazine that
will make them the passion of my mother
yeah it's for contraband and girl
in a need is low and then from
I'm sorry, I will not really
how am I not at all okay no
in fact it takes once a month
moment to look at himself in a mirror have him
handed my hands on the hips true and
we look like that so yeah that's it
there is a difference compared to
usually what enters between nuptials a
incident in riom raises arms
this movement is here on both sides
like that looks at you and the couple and
and then see if there is something
different
we always have a simple group so
that's normal she would really do it
palpation do it be put before me
well flat no but I really have there
four points so reach a point
down to the saddles yeah yeah that's it
no but then framed like that at
above or below there and well there in
low and well ended late by the
strait comes back to her and me
I anticipate on small balls of
hairs really is actually
I'm really not hesitating to a
even power that's really the
to know it is necessary by once worried
trimmed which upsets the cold codes and
well by pressing the x series of button
any way is there but I grew up but
it's still a good day